>> Erik Reinert: So
we talked about complexity.
Let's talk about adaptability, right?
Designing systems that adapt to changing
business needs is challenging, right?
It's a challenging part of
building an architecture.
But it is something that
you should consider, right?
Especially, if you have multiple systems,
you don't really want to,
what I would kinda say, keep piling
systems on top of each other, right?
You don't wanna say, well,
we're just gonna do it this way,
this new way this time.
We'll just do it this new way this time.
Then you're gonna have seven different
systems that handle seven different ways.
And then all of those ways have to
be troubleshooted and supported.
And it becomes really challenging, again,
what we call friction at a company, right?
Developers should really only be expected
to handle so much at any given time so
that they can focus on building
the things that they are.
But it's kind of like
going into Costco and
then coming out with a huge grocery cart.
It's gonna take a while for
you to unload that.
And I think adaptability here is
really important to making sure that
you're not overloading the developers, but
at the same time you are considering,
okay, we use HTTP everywhere.
Maybe we don't change that, right?
Or, okay, we use queues everywhere,
maybe we don't need to change that, right?
And that adaptability can also
help you grow and say, okay,
well we made this decision now that we do
this, we can handle all of these this way.
And I talk about this even as well in the
enterprise, cloud infrastructure course.
A common thing is like tiers, right?
So you have a worker tier, then you say,
okay this is how workers process data,
right?
And then you have a, what we call,
a runner tier, which is like Crons, okay,
this is how Crons work, right?
Having less conversation around
a specific technology and
having more of a conversation around
what problems these are solving,
can make that adaptability easier.
And as example again, where I work,
I think we've broken it down to,
five different tiers.
We have a frontend tier,
where all of our frontends go, and
all of those frontends can adapt
on their own in that tier.
We have a backend tier, whereas really
all of our internal services, so
nothing public facing.
That's the first thing to note with
our backend tier, no public facing,
right, whatsoever.
What we decided was to call our public
facing services gateways, right?
They're a gateway into our system.
Is that something that I
learned in a tech course?
No, it was just us trying to figure
out a way of designing this so
that developers know these are private,
these are not, right?
And that adaptability has made it so
we have 50, 60 back-ends, and
it's really easy to add, and
developers have a better focus on, okay,
well, I need this, I can adapt to this.
So we have frontends, backends,
gateways, runners, and workers, and each
one of those solves different problems
that we can adapt and grow if we need to.
Another thing to note about
that adaptability is that
those categorizations make it so
that if I need to change a specific thing,
I don't have to change everything, right?
If I just wanna change frontend so
that they can support serverless or
server side rendering or whatever.
Then all I have to do is focus
on that one component or
that one tier rather than saying, okay,
how do I think about this thing and
how it works with everything else?
There's a bit of a separation there, that
I have more flexibility with working with.
So here's a good design of
kind of this adaptability.
With Quirk and what we're doing now,
we're doing a lot of serverless.
And the main thing I want you to take away
from this design is the patterns that
we have here.
Basically, we have
multiple entry points for
different types of the system that then
work the same for each component, right?
Now this is actually for our logging and
how we do metrics and things like that.
But because we have tons of lambdas,
we wanna be able to have a similar
process for each one of those.
But if we change those and adapt them,
we should be able to change
them all at the same time.
And so in this scenario, we have
lambdas going to a internal forwarder,
which then has its own autoscaler,
which sends out to Grafana Cloud.
Again, the main takeaway here is that
we decoupled these different parts so
that we can change or
grow different parts if we need to.
Like I said, we will have tons of lambdas,
but we don't wanna have to go into each
lambda and figure out how we're
gonna forward that traffic, right?
So what we did was, we decoupled that and
made a forward itself so that then we can
adapt in the future and say, okay, well,
if we change the metrics we send or
things like that, we only have
to change those in the lambdas.
We don't also have to change
where they're being sent to or
how we're batch processing them or
things like that.
And another nice thing about this is that,
this design could potentially support
not just lambdas, but other things.
Because we've designed it in a way where
the forter can kind of be plug and
played with many different components.
It doesn't matter if it's a lambda or
a service or anything like that,
we built it so that it can adapt and
we can get that telemetry out of the box.
So security is also really important to
backend architecture design for a lot of
reasons, maybe you have legal requirements
that you need to be able to satisfy.
Maybe you also have
other policies that your
SecOps team wants you to follow, right?
And I would say, more often than not
a lot of places consider security to be
one of the last things that
you think about, right?
Whether it be internal security,
how many people actually have
authorization between
services at where you work?
Okay, two, okay, kind of, yeah.
It's very common to say, well, it's in the
Internet, or it's in internal networks.
Don't worry about it,
they can talk to each other, right?
But if somebody gets into those internal
networks, even though you might think they
might not, it could still show
as a really big problem, right?
And so considering the security
of these services, even how
they authenticate with each other, the
complexity of that is really important.
Even something as simple as
having rotated passphrases or
keys that each service can use
to communicate with each other.
This is something we did where I work,
where we just created what
are called consumer secrets.
And we loaded those in from vault,
and then whenever a service started it
had its own consumer secret and those
secrets were shared between services, so
that they knew how to
communicate with each other.
Not super scalable, especially when you
have 100 services or something like that.
But at least it gives you some kind of
system that you can iterate off of and
say okay, we'll rotate consumer secrets
every week, every month, whatever.
And then we don't have to worry
about the security of that.
Another thing to note about security
is maybe your service becomes
public by accident, right?
This is actually very common as well,
where maybe it's not deployed properly or
the routing is set up wrong, or rules are,
permissions are firewall whatever,
aren't set the way that they should be.
And so because of that, now a service is
accessible SecOps is freaking out and
you're kind of scared for
your job [LAUGH].
Yeah, security is important man,
you really need to think about it.
Not having any kind of security around
something can cost millions of dollars.
And again,
I work at a billion dollar company.
We're insurance and we have a lot of
customer data that even if a little
bit of it got leaked, we're talking
about not even just it got leaked,
but also potentially getting sued or
fined, right?
And it might not even mean that
it actually leaked anything, but
that potential and that not knowing could
be detrimental to what you're doing.
So security is a pretty massive concern
when talking about architecture.